the first Corvette was designed by
Hurley Earl in 1953 I was named after a
small maneuverable warship the zo6 first
introduced in 2005 is from the sixth
generation and is the performance model
featuring an improved larger engine and
an aluminum frame featuring lightweight
titanium intake valves and connecting
rods in its seven point leader aluminum
block v8 and technologies gleaned from
the Corvette Racing factory program
class winner in six out of the last ten
years at the prestigious 24 hours of
lemans the z06 is the lightest Corvette
of them all the sixth generation
Corvettes are the first to have exposed
headlamps since nineteen sixty two
you
schedules all units offices requires
this is on Oakland valley
all units respond this is an emergency
situation